Full job description
Company Description

KMS Technology is a strategic engineering company helping businesses turn bold ideas into high-impact solutions-faster. Founded in 2009 as a U.S.-based services company, we’ve grown into a global organization with locations in the US, Vietnam, Mexico and Poland. KMS is trusted globally for the quality of our engineering and consulting services. We bring deep expertise in product development and quality assurance, Data & AI-native engineering, and delivery excellence to every engagement. Our mission is to help customers build what’s next—accelerating innovation, crafting brilliant solutions, and creating real-world impact. At KMS, we believe sustainable growth is built on the success of our clients and employees, and in making a lasting contribution to our communities.

More about KMS Technology:

Website: https://kms-technology.com

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/kms-technology


Job Description

Your key responsibilities:

Perform all testing activities to improve product quality, work closely with the team: test estimation, test planning, test cases design, test execution, defects tracking, etc.
Collect data and report testing status
Shows creativity and initiative to improve product test coverage and effectiveness.
Address the test needs in a methodical, detail-oriented manner with the help of robust analytical skills and problem-solving capacity
Involve initiatives for supporting the product growth like competitor research, customer troubleshooting, etc.
Participate in sprint planning and work closely with the Scrum team to analyze requirements and provide necessary QA/test recommendations

Qualifications

General requirements:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field
Upper-intermediate level of English proficiency, with strong communication skills
2+ years of hands-on experience in software testing
Able to self-learn and quickly adapt to new technologies
Familiar with the Agile development methodologies
Good collaboration skills with a proven ability to work seamlessly with both customers and team members
Technical requirements:

Experience in software testing for web-based applications
Good domain knowledge of the software development process, especially the software testing process
Solid testing experiences (test approach, test plan, test techniques included black box, risk-based, exploratory, Non-UI testing, etc.)
Methodical and detail-oriented, with solid analytical skills and problem-solving ability
Strong dedication to quality and a positive, collaborative attitude and approach to testing
Nice to have:

Experience in creating and running automated tests using testing frameworks like Katalon/ Selenium/ Robotium/ UiAutomator/ XCTest/ XCUiTest, etc.
Hand-on experience in using test tools like TestNG/ Mocha/ Jasmine/ Nightwatch, etc.
Experience using AI chat tools (ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, etc.) for research, debugging, and learning
Familiarity with at least one AI coding assistant (GitHub Copilot, Cursor, Claude Code, or similar)
Ability to write clear, contextual prompts to generate code snippets, unit tests, or documentation
Awareness of AI output limitations and responsible AI use (data privacy, handling of sensitive client data)

Additional Information

Perks You'll Enjoy

Working in one of the Best Places to Work in Vietnam
Building large-scale & global software products
Working & growing with Passionate & Talented Team
Diverse careers opportunities with Software Outsourcing, Software Product Development, IT Solutions & Consulting
Attractive Salary and Benefits
Performance appraisals every year and performance bonus
Onsite opportunities: short-term and long-term assignments in North American (U.S, Canada), Europe, Asia.
Flexible working time
Various training on hot-trend technologies, best practices and soft skills
Premium healthcare insurance for you and your loved ones
Company trip, big annual year-end party every year, team building, etc.
Fitness & sport activities: football, tennis, table-tennis, badminton, yoga, swimming…
Joining community development activities: 1% Pledge, charity every quarter, blood donation, public seminars, career orientation talks,…
Free in-house entertainment facilities (foosball, ping pong, gym…), coffee, and snack (instant noodles, cookies, candies…)
And much more, join us and let yourself explore other fantastic things!