Full job description
Company Description

About us: SmartOSC is a premium, full service e-commerce agency for leading brands and e-tailers. The company offers a complete solution including a customizable technological platform, innovative interface design, and international e-marketing. SmartOSC acts as a partner to help brands succeed and achieve their goal.

With a variety of international customers from North America to Europe, Australia and Asia, SmartOSC’s broad solutions is designed to maximize revenue opportunities by expanding globally. The company currently employs nearly 300 Employees, and also partners with Magento Inc. being a Silver Solution Provider, developing state-of-the-art extensions and services based on this platform.

Our mission is to drive sustainable growth to our partners, customers and employees by fulfilling the global value chain.

Please visit our website: http://www.smartosc.com/


Job Description

Control software execution process of project team
Forecast project issues
Monitor project status, project issues, compliance of project process weekly
Collect and analyze project figures
Ensure the quality of software packages before releasing to customers


Qualifications

Bachelor degree in IT, Computer Science or Quality Management or Process Management major.
QA experience is a plus
Have good mindset of Quality assurance.
Good at English Skills, at least Reading and Writing skills
Hardworking and careful
Have experiecne in key software projects (new customer, new process, new technology, large team size…)

Additional Information

Benefit: At SmartOSC, we offer the bests to your values

Attractive salary package (10-18 million VND)
Salary review twice a year
Premium health care up to $3,000/year
Working at Vietnam's premium e-commerce solutions provider, proactive international environment
Free English and Management training packages
To Apply: Please submit your CV with the following information:

Job Application Letter with “IT Recruiter” in the subject line.
Updated CV in English, including your contact e-mail, phone number and salary expectations.
For more information about SmartOSC, please kindly visit:

Website: http://www.smartosc.com

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SmartOSC

